Adding an overview page for all Terraform integrations. (#830)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/integrations/index.mdx

---
page_title: Integrations - HCP Terraform
description: >-
  This overview page lists HCP Terraform integrations with various third-party platforms and systems. 
---

# Overview

> The HCP Terraform ecosystem features a variety of integrations – applications

Author: Done

designed to extend Terraform’s capabilities across various third-party systems
and platforms. As demand grows for managing complex infrastructure across
multiple clouds, data centers, and third-party services, our integrations are
expanding.

This section lists the current HCP Terraform integrations, which are API-based
and leverage HCP Terraform's robust set of APIs. Each integration has its own
dedicated page where you can find more details:

> 

Reviewer: Suggesting making these all `-` because this isn't a list you need to do in order.

> 1. [HCP Terraform Operator for Kubernetes](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/kubernetes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [HCP Terraform Operator for Kubernetes](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/kubernetes) integration can manage HCP Terraform resources with Kubernetes custom resources.
```

> 1. [ServiceNow Service Catalog for Terraform](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/service-now/service-catalog-terraform)

Reviewer: Matching the name in the article and adding a sentence for context:
```suggestion
- The [Terraform ServiceNow Catalog integration](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/service-now/service-catalog-terraform) lets you provision self-serve infrastructure using ServiceNow.
```

> 1. [ServiceNow Service Graph Connector for Terraform](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/service-now/service-graph) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [ServiceNow Service Graph Connector for Terraform](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/service-now/service-graph) integration lets you securely import HCP Terraform resources into your ServiceNow instance.
```

> 1. [HCP Terraform for Splunk](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/splunk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [HCP Terraform for Splunk](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/splunk) integration lets you pull HCP Terraform logs into Splunk.
```

> 1. [Run Task integrations](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/run-tasks)

Reviewer: I'd actually recommend pulling this out into a sentence underneath because it's custom and not scoped to a particular product i like the others in this list.
```suggestion
```

> 1. [HCP Terraform for AWS Service Catalog](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/aws-service-catalog)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [HCP Terraform for AWS Service Catalog](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/aws-service-catalog) integration lets you create pre-approved Terraform configurations on the AWS Service Catalog.

If the platform you want to integrate HCP Terraform with does not have an official integration, you can build a custom run task to integrate with a tool of your choice. Run tasks can access plan details, display custom messages in the run pipeline, and prevent runs from applying. Learn more about [Run tasks](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/run-tasks).
```
